captain's log final entry
Spock and I are the sole survivors
enterprise are you there morning Wendy
morning Scotty can we go over your
everyday schedule
wake up go to work welcome to Cinnabon
would you like us into one other skip
coming I just wrote a story where Spock
travels to deep space 9 that's how it's
awesome 3 p.m. take Pete for a walk 6:00
p.m. watch Star Trek before I go to bed
send in your script highlighting the
best of the Star Trek universe next week
your sister is coming there's a Star
Trek script writing contests we can go
to the post office and then I can go
home with you can you please stand by
breathe here completed script must be
received by February 16 where you going
Los Angeles bus driver my friend needs
to pee don't do it Pete this is what
happens when you pee on the bus lyrics
are going down to LA maybe she just came
to bet she's 5 foot 4 blonde that's her
hey I know he's the hero of Star Wars
who exactly is this a Kirk person she's
out there alone
she's a very resourceful girl
[Music]
where am I you're at the hospital you
hit your head she can't the window how'd
she get away from you people
now dab your horse not there for you
ghost
well language is that it's Klingon your
sister is one of the most complex and
creative people I know people have their
own lives and after a while those lives
don't include you captain there's only
one logical direction in which to go
forward
[Music]
light it can travel for millions of
years before finally reaching its
destination do you know how hard it is
to write something because the story you
want to tell mean so much to you
it goes lonely and alone hoping that it
will reach someone that's amazing so
what happens next the unknown is there
for us to conquer not to fear Mohs
Leonard McCoy's daughter's name Johanna
oh snap pea